  Supervised Machine Learning algorithms use labeled examples in the training data set to learn how to predict the labels for new unseen examples.

	In the other hand Unsupervised Machine Learning algorithms don't use labels for the training data examples.

  Supervised learning can be divided into two different types of tasks, Classification and Regression; both take a set of training instances and learn a mapping to a target value.

	  For classification the target value is a discrete class value: 
	
		  Binary - 0 (negative class) or 1 (positive class)
		
		  Multi-class - target value is one of a set of discrete values
		
		  Multi-label - there are multiple target values (labels)
	
	  For Regression the target value is continuous (floating point/real-valued).
	
  You can tell what type of supervisor learning method you should apply to a given problem by thinking about the meaning of the target value; if the target value represent something that's one of a set of mutually exclusive class values (e.g. assigning a label to a piece of fruit) or whether or not a transaction is fraudulent,l if so it's a CLASSIFICATION problem. On the other hand if the target is a real value quantity like cost or income then it can be treated as a REGRESSION problem.
	
  What is a model? It's a specific mathematical or computational description that expresses the relationship between a set of input variables and one or more outcome variables that are being studied or predicted; in statistical terms the input variables are called INDEPENDENT variables and the outcome variables are termed DEPENDENT variables.

  In machine learning we use the term FEATURES to refer to the input, or independent variables; and TARGET VALUE or TARGET LABEL to refer to the output, dependent variables.

  What we want from a supervised machine learning algorithm is the ability to predict a class or target value correctly on a test set of future examples that haven't been seen before. This ability to perform well on a held out test set is the algorithms ability to generalize. Generalization ability refers to an algorithm's ability to give accurate predictions for new, previously unseen data.

      Assumptions:
        
          Future unseen data (test set) will have the same properties as the current training sets.
        
          Thus models that are accurate on the training set are expected to be accurate on the test set.
        
  Models that are too complex for the amount of training data available are said to 'overfit' and are not likely to generalize well to new examples.

  Models that are too simple, that don't even do well on the training data, are said to 'underfit' and also not likely to generalize well.



